Brycechen msft patch 2 (#108164)
Azure/azure-content: articles/spring-apps/how-to-bind-mysql.md

### [Service Connector](#tab/Service-Connector)

Follow these steps to configure your Spring app to connect to an Azure Database for MySQL Flexible Server with database username and password.

> 1. Run the `az spring connection create` command, as shown in the following example. Please replace the variables in the example with your actual resource names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the `az spring connection create` command, as shown in the following example. Please replace the variables in the example with actual values.
```

       --target-resource-group $MYSQL_RESOURCE_GROUP \
       --server $MYSQL_SERVER_NAME \
       --database $DATABASE_NAME \

>        --secret name=$DATABASE_USERNAME secret=$DATABASE_PASSWORD

Reviewer: the doc isn't very complete, missing the step of setting env vars.

       --target-resource-group $MYSQL_RESOURCE_GROUP \
       --server $MYSQL_SERVER_NAME \
       --database $DATABASE_NAME \

>        --secret

Reviewer: if using secret authtype, pls remove install passwordless extension step
